Alerting: Allow sending notification tags to Opsgenie as extra properties (#30332)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/notifications.md

If you are using the token for a slack bot, then you have to invite the bot to the channel you want to send notifications and add the channel to the recipient field.

### Opsgenie

To setup Opsgenie you will need an API Key and the Alert API Url. These can be obtained by configuring a new [Grafana Integration](https://docs.opsgenie.com/docs/grafana-integration).

Setting | Description
--------|------------
Alert API URL | The API URL for your Opsgenie instance. This will normally be either `https://api.opsgenie.com` or, for EU customers, `https://api.eu.opsgenie.com`.

> API Key | The API Key as provided by Opsgenie for your configured Grafana Integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API Key | The API Key as provided by Opsgenie for your configured Grafana integration.
```

> Override priority | Allows the alert priority to be set using the `og_priority` tag. The `og_priority` tag must have one of the following values: `P1`, `P2`, `P3`, `P4` or `P5`. Default is `False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Override priority | Configures the alert priority using the `og_priority` tag. The `og_priority` tag must have one of the following values: `P1`, `P2`, `P3`, `P4,` or `P5`. Default is `False`.
```

> Send notification tags as | Specify how you would like [Notification Tags]({{< relref "create-alerts.md/#notifications" >}}) delivered to Opsgenie. They can be delivered as `Tags`, `Extra Properties` or both. Default is `Tags`. (1)

Reviewer 2: What is `(1)` referring to at the end here? This is the only thing left as I see to get this merged.

Author: @marefr It's the first note below. I took inspiration from the PagerDuty docs that used the same mechanism to refer to notes below. Maybe it would be a bit clearer if I added the `(1)` to the Note itself to link it back and made a link. Give me a few minutes to get that done.

Reviewer 2: Hmm okay. Not sure. Maybe keeping the note and refer to "Default is `Tags`. See note below for more information.". Lets ask @achatterjee-grafana for input on what make most sense.

Reviewer: Agree with @marefr. This is not consistent with our style guide and use. It would be confusing to the reader, as evident from @marefr's reaction. Let's change it as per the recommendation!

Author: Can do I'll push another fix.

> Send notification tags as | Allows you to specify how you would like [Notification Tags]({{< relref "create-alerts.md/#notifications" >}}) delivered to Opsgenie. They can be delivered as `Tags`, `Extra Properties` or both. Default is `Tags`. (1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send notification tags as | Specify how you would like [Notification Tags]({{< relref "create-alerts.md/#notifications" >}}) delivered to Opsgenie. They can be delivered as `Tags`, `Extra Properties` or both. Default is `Tags`. (1)
```

> > **Note:** When notification tags are sent as `Tags` they will be concatenated into string with a `key:value` format. If you prefer to receive the notifications tags as key/values under Extra Properties in Opsgenie then change the `Send notification tags as` to either `Extra Properties` or `Tags & Extra Properties`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** When notification tags are sent as `Tags` they are concatenated into a string with a `key:value` format. If you prefer to receive the notifications tags as key/values under Extra Properties in Opsgenie then change the `Send notification tags as` to either `Extra Properties` or `Tags & Extra Properties`.
```
